.TH mimir 1 "2026-01-13" "mimir 0.5.2" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
mimir \- "the Rememberer" of all your scripts
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mimir
[\fINAME\fR]
.br
.B mimir
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
[\fINAME\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mimir
is a a database-driven solution to store and access all your shell/python scripts and one liners in a single place.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-create\fR <\fINAME\fR>
Create a new script
.TP
\fB\-b\fR, \fB\-\-shebang\fR <\fIVALUE\fR>
Specify a shebang to the new script
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-list\fR
List all script
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-show\fR <\fINAME\fR>
Show contents of the specified script
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Create a script:
.EX
    mimir -c greet
.EE
.TP
Add a shebang to the script:
.EX
    mimir -c greet -b '#!/usr/bin/env bash'
.EE
.TP
List the stored scripts:
.EX
    mimir -l
.EE
.TP
Show the contents of a script:
.EX
    mimir -s greet
.EE
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.local/share/mimir/db.sqlite3
Script database
.TP
.I ~/.local/share/mimir/mimir.log
Log file
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success. The command completed successfully. \fB[OK]\fR
.TP
.B 1
General error. An unexpected error has occured during the execution \fB[ERR]\fR
.TP
.B 5
Filesystem error. Failed in accessing the data directory (~/.local/share/mimir) \fB[ERR_FS_DATA_PATH_ACCESS]\fR
.TP
.B 7
Input/Output error. Failed to read a necessary file. \fB[ERR_IO_READ]\fR
.TP
.B 8
Input/Output error. Failed to write to a necessary file. \fB[ERR_IO_WRITE]\fR
.TP
.B 9
Input/Output error. Failed to execute the requested script. \fB[ERR_IO_EXECUTE]\fR
.TP
.B 10
Database error. Failed to access the database. \fB[ERR_DB_ACCESS]\fR
.TP
.B 11
Database error. Failed to open the database connection. \fB[ERR_DB_OPEN]\fR
.TP
.B 12
Database error. Failed to create the required database table. \fB[ERR_DB_CREATE_TABLE]\fR
.TP
.B 13
Database error. Failed to save script(s) to the database. \fB[ERR_DB_INSERT]\fR
.TP
.B 14
Database error. Failed to save script(s) because they already exist. \fB[ERR_DB_INSERT_UNIQUE]\fR
.TP
.B 15
Database error. Failed to retrieve script(s) from the database. \fB[ERR_DB_SELECT]\fR
.SH AUTHORS
Leven Rochana <levenrok@proton.me>
.SH LICENSE
MIT - see https://github.com/levenrok/mimir/blob/main/LICENSE
